alright this is guy of one a nutrition
and today i will show you how to make a
very simple snack it's a high-protein
biscuit and it's going to be made from
completely all natural ingredients the
ones i'm showing you confront me so
naturally we going to be using 180 I've
got chocolate 182 because you can use
the coconut one as well all we need is
one egg some cooker all we're using some
chopped prunes we've also got these are
chopped macadamia and almonds preference
of choice here is not meal shredded
coconut arm paste and some water and i'm
just about to show you how simple all
this is okay so we got a 50 grams scoop
50 grams group is going to be two scoops
talk about 180 like so then we have the
hazelnut me another day's not meal is
roughly about half a scoop given we're
going to use full scoop coconut this is
not
then this is the dessert spoon so
dessert table spoon and other similar
this is just some fresh mineral water
let's go over spoon a nap and we want
two tablespoons coconut oil one to two
tablespoons
all of this
and then mix all together nice
consistency
and then what you can do I've got the
chopped macadamia and almonds I'll just
throw them into the oven as you can see
you're a nice thick paste and then all
you need to do pretty much get your
hands in there get it together so I like
making little balls out of it okay then
I have fat you want cooking just
flattened his own
um
optimal the baking tray so as you can
see how to combine together on a piece
of baking paper and then literally
coming soon pop then Liam a hundred
eighty degrees for 20 minutes and these
are finally ready you've been in you
have 15-20 minutes and they absolutely
smell delicious and yeah I hope you
enjoyed thank you